---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

**What did I do this past week?** I worked on Darwin with my partner. We ran into a lot of C++ problems that came with just being a little unsure about how to implement outer/inner classes and the correct way to initialize things. 


**What's in my way?** Still worried about the OOP test grades. I don't think I'll have to drop this class, but I also don't think my grade is too hot, so I'm pretty worried. I actually had a nightmare the other day that one of the TAs emailed me about the allocator project saying that it failed all tests, so that's kind of where I'm at mentally right now. I need to catch up on competitive programming, which is way harder than I ever imagined it could be. 

**What will you do next week?** Continue working on Darwin. In two weeks, I'll also be going to MLH Prime, which is the Southwest regional hackathon that Major League Hacking is putting on. This is the first hackathon that I've been to this school year where I'm actually going to be hacking, so I'm brainstorming ideas. If anyone has any idea suggestions, that would be awesome! Whenever I go to hackathons, I always end up playing around with making something that might require a website and never getting anywhere, because I absolutely hate javascript and front-end development. I definitely want to work on a more back-end focused project this weekend. I'm interested in music and music data. So if anyone has any good starter backend projects that they can suggest with minimal frontend, would be much appreciated. 

**Tip of the week -**
[Elastic](https://www.elastic.co/) is a service for search and analytics. I learned about them at HackTX 2016. They caught my attention because they use an inverted index to power their text searches. This allows you to quickly parse a search query and get results back because every word already has an index to the document that contains it, instead of you having to search for that word in millions of documents. It also reminded me of the inverted page table that we learned about in Operating Systemms. The inverted index as used by Elastic is explained by them [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/guide/current/inverted-index.html).