---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

**What did I do this past week?** In terms of OOP, I've learned a lot of good development practices and information that I've inferred during my past internships but was never explicitly told, so it's nice to know why we do what we do in modern development. I was reintroduced to caches, and spent a headache-inducing 4 hours valiantly trying to set up Collatz. 

**What's in my way?** Set up for the project was honestly impossible and way harder than it should have been. I deleted my repo 3 different times and if you graders look at my early commit history it's going to look something like "Reset repo", "Added skeleton code", "Deleted skeleton code", on and on and on. Also, I wish that important posts made on Piazza by Prof. Downing were somewhere other than Piazza. Or at least, I wish Piazza had a better way to bookmark certain search/filter settings so I wouldn't always be digging through the posts to find Prof. Downing's posts (I realize you can do this through search bar by doing "Contributor:'Glenn Downing'", but who really wants to go through that effort every time?). So much of my time was spent chasing down answers between the website, Piazza, github, and Travis CI & Docker docs. Seems unnecessary. 

**What will you do next week?** I'm going to be finishing up the Collatz project. I estimated that it would take me about 15 hours. I spent about 4 hours yesterday on setup (sad face). It may take me longer. I'm hoping to submit to UVA by the end of today, and at least one optimized solution working by the end of Monday. Also, my OOP textbook finally came in, so I will be catching up on reading and aww-ing at the adorable platypus on the front. 


**Tip of the week (technical) -**
I wrote a set up document for this project. I realize that most of y'all will have already completed set up and are working on real code now, but maybe this could be shared with future students (@ProfessorDowning). I personally felt like set up was unnecessarily frustrating when it's really supposed to be very trivial. Check it out here: [Project 1 Environment Setup](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q1qBWd--QlUdtGk81bacsxQXUAI2WGd4gGnC5maq-hY/edit?usp=sharing)

**Tip of the week (non-technical) -**
I'm one of those lazy people that gets easily distracted and needs a fire lit under my butt to be the most effective worker possible. I'm absolutely phenomenal under pressure and need to know direct action items. To try and recreate that kind of environment to engage my inner mega-focus, I will write out absolutely every single thing I need to do in the foreseeable future and dates they should be completed by. Sometimes, I assign priority. I then try and estimate just how much time it takes (like we're doing for Project 1!) and race myself to see if I can complete it by that time. Obviously, for something like software development, this can be tough. You never know how long coding is going to take, if you're going to spend hours and hours getting a headache from setup (like I did) and be wrangling a bug for longer than necessary (like I have). For example, it's now 5:35. I said I would finish this blog post at 6 pm. Hopefully, it happens. I realize this seems like a lot to do just to make sure I do anything, but truly I'm one of those people that if things are set concretely (put in a calendar invite, written down, have hard due dates), I'm going to think it's not necessary or forget about it. 