---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

**What did I do this past week?** The week before this past week was actually hell. I had so much going on all at the same time. Thankfully, this week was extremely chill for me. It was a lot of just playing catch up and making sure I stayed on top of all my school work and started prepping for upcoming tests (OOP and Algorithms). In OOP we started looking at constructors through the example of Range Iterators. I have to say, this is the first time in a while I've been a little confused on the lecture material (copy constructor vs. copy assignment constructor vs. default constructor and sequence of what gets called), but I looked at the code afterwards on piazza and it all got cleared up. 

**What's in my way?** While I'm pretty confident I will be okay in OOP, my upcoming Algorithms test is extremely worrying to me. I didn't do too well in 311 and also just hate proofs in general. It makes sense to me when someone explains it to me afterwards but I can't prove anything to save my life. So I guess I'll be camping out at TA office hours. Additionally, I have 4 interviews and my Bridging Disciplines Program application is due on Thursday. So between 4 interviews, 2 tests and lots of essays, it's going to be a stressful week to say the least. 

**What will you do next week?** Interviews. Tests. Sleep. 


**Tip of the week -**
More interview prep stuff (seeing as interviews have consumed my life... I have 4 next week). The woman who wrote Crack The Coding Interview (Gayle Laakmann McDowell) partnered up with Hackerrank to bring you CTCI coding challenges and tutorials. I've done some of them and they've been REALLY helpful. I don't really like directly reading CTCI and prefer doing challenges on Hackerrank, so this helped me a ton. Check them out [here](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/cracking-the-coding-interview)!