---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

**What did I do this past week?** From Wednesday to Friday, I was at the Grace Hopper Celebration in Houston. GHC is the largest conference for women in tech. It was amazingly inspiring to be around so many women engineers that I love and admire. I literally ran into people from every period of my life that I have been doing tech. I met up with friends/former team members from my past internships, high school, square code camp, college, etc. It was great because I'm never around that many women engineers all at once. I came back Friday night and immediately got up early the next day to help set up for HackTX, as I am an organizer. 


**What's in my way?** Nothing is too in my way right now, just busy as usual. I realized a couple weeks ago that I don't think there's such a thing as not-busy for me now. I'm really nervous about my OOP test grade. I assumed that the test was going to be more concept-oriented and more like the quizzes, so didn't spend as much time memorizing the function signatures as I should have, so I'm afraid that I will get docked heavily for lack of the correct syntax or function detail. I will say that I think this is a terrible way to test our knowledge in OOP. In my opinion, someone could easily memorize all the github code and never have to actually know or understand all the nuances and concepts that we learned in class. The quizzes do a much better job in testing our knowledge in my opinion. But at least it will make studying for the next test easier. 

**What will you do next week?** Next week, I will be trying to knock out the Darwin project as early as possible. I've already found a partner and we'll probably start work on Monday or Tuesday. 

**Tip of the week -**
Here's a cool thing I found: [Hoodie](http://hood.ie/). Over the weekend, I was talking to one of my friends at HackTX and we were talking about how open source communities can be really toxic and need better mentalities in thier communities, moderators, and contributors. She mentioned Hoodie, which is an open source community that has an awesome approach to open source and bringing in and training new contributors. If you were interested in getting started in contributing to open source, this might be a good place to start for you! They're extremely welcoming and have standardized practices for welcoming and training new contributors. They even reserve certain issues to first-time contributors so you aren't fighting with experienced contributors for the ability to contribute a little. It's super important that we keep communities open and engaging, so I thought this was neat. 