---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

**What did I do this past week?** This week was really just learning what Object Oriented Programming is going to be centered around. A lot of it, I gathered, is actually more about learning and becoming comfortable with modern development practices. We established a few key differences between C++ and Java (*import* is analogous with *using*, NOT *include*) and learned about things like operator overloading. We also learned about writing unit tests and started learning about how to write them properly (asserts are bad) and how to write test cases that are going to run through the entire program (measured by Gcov, a coverage analysis tool).

**What's in my way?** Docker is very intimidating to me. I have always felt like it's a challenging tool to grasp and once went to a lightning tech talk about it that just served to confuse me more. I think my biggest blocker right now is just learning about Docker and how to use it effectively, as well as learning why its so invaluable. So far, it seems to me that it's useful because it allows you to take a snapshot of an Operating System in a container, and run programs within that particular OS. This allows the standardization of the environment in which the application will be run. 

**What will you do next week?** I'm planning to just wrap my head around all the different tools that are getting thrown at us (Docker, Jekyll, Gcov, etc). Possibly do a little bit brushing up on Java. I'm also going to get the hang of writing these blog posts. 

**My initial reaction to CS 371p -** 
Like I said before, a lot of this class is about becoming an industry-standard software developer. Definitely useful. While I think that a lot of it will be useful and I will still learn an incredible amount, I feel like my exposure to a lot of the tools and modern development practices from my previous internships might make the class much easier. At this point, I don't know if it will make it too easy to the point that the class is not worth taking, or if it will just make it easier to get the hang of everything and dive right in. I'm thinking it's more the latter. I've never actually had a formal class on how one becomes a *competent* developer, and I'm really excited to formally learn these things and possibly take the experience into my next internship.

**Tip of the week -**
Probably my favorite tutorial that I watched this summer was the Getting Started With Redux tutorial with egghead. Redux is a Javascript state container that puts your application's state all in one Javascript object. Learning about Redux made me a lot more aware about how companies build large scale applications, especially on the frontend. It helped me invaluably during my intern project. Learn about it more below!

[Getting Started With Redux](https://egghead.io/courses/getting-started-with-redux)